hi Sean just checking with still on the
fishing ship on Wednesday yep yeah but
was looking good it it's actually a
quite a good forecast we'll definitely
have the mackeral mackerals always there
card and perhaps Pollock great looking
forward to it
see you on the key side see you in the
morning hi I've travelled the world I
did 15 years in the Pacific worked in
Africa fished every ocean in the world I
still live in stays slave is absolutely
unique you see it there in a cliff there
if once upon a time it was totally cut
off
they had no tracks to it had a railway
to it and it grew up in this isolated if
it was really really a hard place in her
heart rethread hard men hard altitudes
and
it was a tough hard environment we have
the otters the cliffs are covered in
peregrine falcons we have the Dolphins
there's been minke whales for the last
month now with a sigh whale very close
in the north a year to humpbacks being
spotted this coast here has so much more
to offer
I started fishing a long time ago with
as a child and I was 13 with the local
boats here and then I was very
privileged to be given a position with
one of the there's another mackerel
to be given a position with one of the
top skippers in the village and I did
two years of very hard apprenticeship
when I was 16 with him one of the
reasons that we do have started doing
the
get across a little bit for people who
coming
about our heritage
about how passionate we feel about
there is more to stay than the beach in
the pub if you explore out there and you
look in
be clear
jams
ROK's incidental sound strange - guns
something no Michelin stars just
gave her ours for a meal little old I
I'm pitching my kitchen in the great
outdoors and if you listen I'll tell you
why cuz I name a guy wrote gourmet a
MacGyver calm a guy a makin A's in
mayonnaise and types of a ol I the
highway to Hellmann's is not you nor I
because I'm a guy Rocco may am a gyro
gourmet guy I'm open the guy recalled me
for about five years really I've spent a
considerable amount of time under canvas
with my family before me a family of
Campion to that most people when they go
camping it in a cook
things that come out of tins and
processed food but actually when you go
camping you never million miles away
from the farm shop or even a lot of spar
shop you know my mission if of gobble is
to is try and encourage people to what
to use fresh ingredients Lenina when the
camping it just seems to make sense in
so many words so you don't have to go
- all these exotic places when
this coast here has so much more